My husband did not recognize me for three days.
It was a very dark time.
We went to BSCC,
Bible School for Christian Couples,
in January of 2014.
It definitely helped prepare us
for everything that would come our way
—the good and the bad.
We were assigned to Jackson, Alabama.
It was a great assignment.
Within a very short time,
we were asked to apply for LDC.
We traveled quite a bit,
looking at different Assembly Halls,
and then the focus went more
toward Kingdom Halls.
Each field rep couple was assigned a state,
and we were assigned the state of Louisiana.
On a Sunday night,
we had been invited to a dinner party.
Just a normal—
We went to bed at night.
We basically woke up to a stroke.
I walked over to him,
and I could see that something was wrong,
and so I called 911.
Once they assessed him, they brought me in.
They told me that they
needed to Life Flight him
to a larger hospital in New Orleans.
Thankfully, though,
they said that if you’re going to have a stroke,
this was the kind you’d want to have
because it is fully recoverable.
We made adjustments.
We adapted so that we
could continue in the assignment.
Well, he went from being in a wheelchair
to using a walker.
And then later,
he started using a cane,
and now he walks without assistance.
It’s not a pretty walk,
but we’re working on that.
She really has a durability
that I think excels all.
Just the way that she
—no matter what the situation,
how stressful the circumstance may be—
she understands it’s necessary
for her to continue forward.